manifest: nrf_modem v2.0.0 (#7571)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

      * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_LOG_FW_VERSION_UUID` to enable logging for both FW version and UUID at the end of the library initialization step.
      * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_THREAD_PROCESSING` to process modem traces in a thread (experimental).

    * Updated:

>       * The modem fault handler`s signature now takes a pointer as parameter to the :c:struct:`nrf_modem_fault_info` structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * The modem fault handler's signature now takes a pointer as parameter to the :c:struct:`nrf_modem_fault_info` structure.
```
